[docs] Prepare Material-UI X (#1893)
mui-org/material-ui-pickers: docs/pages/demo/daterangepicker/index.mdx

<PageMeta component="DateRangePicker" />

## Date range picker

> ⚠️⚠️ The date range picker is unstable, it's **not suitable** for usage in production. ⚠️⚠️

> > The date range picker will be made available in the coming month for production usage as part of a paid extension of the community edition (MIT license) of Material-UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The date range picker will be made available in the coming months for production use as part of a paid extension to the community edition (MIT license) of Material-UI.
```

> > This paid extension will include advanced components (rich data grid, date range picker, tree view drag & drop, etc.). Pricing plans will start at \$129/developer for early access.

Author: ```suggestion
> This paid extension will include advanced components (rich data grid, date range picker, tree view drag & drop, etc.). Pricing for early access will start with an affordable plan.
```

> > This paid extension will include advanced components (rich data grid, date range picker, tree view drag & drop, etc.). Pricing plans will start at \$129/developer for early access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This paid extension will include advanced components (rich data grid, date range picker, tree view drag & drop, etc.).
```
1. Do we need pricing here?
2. Is paid support for MIT components in or out? (It isn't mentioned here.)

Author: 1. I think that it can help developers decide if they want to use the alpha anyway or move to alternatives.
2. How does the answer to this question impact the warning? It seems to be independent.

Reviewer: 2. You're right, it's incomplete - it doesn't mention support at all, so MIT doesn't matter one way or the other.

Author: So we should rephrase the previous sentence? I think that we still need to create clear boundaries between the two worlds (community vs x)

```diff
-The date range picker will be made available in the coming month for production usage as part of a paid extension of the community edition (MIT license) of Material-UI.
+The date range picker will be made available in the coming month for production usage as part of a paid extension of the MIT licensed modules of Material-UI.
```

> The [date range pickers](https://material.io/components/pickers/) let users select a range of dates. They should be suitable for the context in which they appear.

Reviewer: > They should be suitable for the context in which they appear.

For example?

Author: Are you suggesting the following?
```suggestion
The [date range pickers](https://material.io/components/pickers/) let users select a range of dates. 
```

Reviewer: I was asking what, specifically, "They should be suitable for the context in which they appear." referred to? Suitable in what sense? What "context"? But If the sentence isn't needed, then yes it can be deleted.
